Didn't you just have surgery?
Doctor, why is my mother sick again?
The patient's constitution is special
I didn't expect to have adult antibodies to western medicine so soon
What to do then?
I'm afraid only traditional Chinese medicine can handle Professor Zhang Xinyue
Only then can we cure your mother's disease
You know what?
Just tell me how much it costs.
I can afford a room no matter how much it costs
It's not about the money.
Professor Zhang Tian often lives in seclusion in the mountains
If there is no special relationship
He won't do it.
Chen Feng, this Zhang Xin is all my father's rescue friends
I can buy it for you, really?
Thank you so much for introducing me last night.
My mom is in better shape now
wind
Thousands are my saviors
Daughter must repay her well
Hi auntie
You are serious
Chen Feng is my old classmate
He also helped me a lot.
This is what I should do.
You are so kind.
Our Chen Feng
How great would it be if I married you back then?
Your mother
Say what?
It's okay auntie
Chen Feng is also divorced
I am also single now
Wow something big